So welcome to the course on Fundamentals of AI for Educators.
So, this is a course that we have designed
for, educators to get them familiarized
with, what is happening in the field of AI, right?
So what you will see, I mean, you, you will see different sessions, the,
as part of the course. Let me just highlight key factors as part of the
course. Okay? So one thing that you will really enjoy is the first
module, what we did was, since it's a course on AI, right?
So we used a lot of AI tools, AI avatars, and Notebook
LLM, and things like that to create the content.
So hopefully you will enjoy, enjoy that a bit because
then that gives you a sense of how the course is designed or how
you can take your lecture material and convert it, those lecture
material into online-based content.
Okay, so that's one session where we will cover those,
things. The second area that we want to focus on is
we are talking to a lot of faculty members and professors on how
they are using AI for teaching. So here we would like to cover a
lot of use cases, how they are dealing with, AI, how they are
dealing with students who are, using AI for,
assessments. So a lot of conversation around that.
Hopefully, that will inspire you to take action on that
and, get the use cases from other professors and use it in part
of your teaching. So we will be also having a lot of discussion forums where
you can share some of these learnings too, in the course so that
others also benefit out of it. So that is one part of it. Okay.
And the third part of it is like we develop a lot of online,
teaching materials. So as part of that, we use a lot of tools for
designing, this learning experience.
So what we were thinking is to have conversation with many of our team members
and also many of you to say which are all the tools that you are
using for, designing learning material or le- designing
learning experience. We will document all of this, as part of the
course. Hopefully, you'll get a hands-on
on, various tools that you're using and how you
can use it as part of the course. Uh, so welcome to the
journey. Um, I think, the few weeks with us, hopefully, you will really
enjoy the experience, going through the online,
part. And, this is just a starting point, right?
We'll keep expanding this course or adding tools to it and making it really
interesting. Welcome to the course, and, let's look forward for an
amazing, learning experience.